All right.
So just like we created the custom hook to get on the categories, let's create another one to get the
posts.
All right, so here, Hooks, let's create a new file.
It's called Use Latest Posts.
Don't notice.
Okay.
Now, to make things easier, faster.
Let's copy this call.
Come back here.
Based here to the name from use latest posts.
Change the name here to the state to post.
Sit.
Posts get posted, let's call it.
So we make a request to stress posts.
That's what we need to give the best number.
We give one and said Post, no post data.
We put all our posts in our state and then we return.
First, let's make sure we execute this function and then we return post Mosul.
All right, now let's try using this hook again into the same file.
Previously we used for use category post long let's import
use.
Okay.
Used posts.
So use latest posts from hooks.
Use latest posts.
All right, now let's execute this with.
Latest posts across the U.S.
Ladies first.
We execute this food that will give us the new disperse and we can show the ladies first here.
So let's come all the way down after the category.
Let's have the divider again.
And then here we can show the ladies post.
All right, so ladies first met.
We've met through its post.
And we use Linc again.
To link his career so that should take a stick the users to the single post you so that to discuss posts
this post don't slant.
All right.
And then here we write the Bush name Bush Don't title.
And since we're using the map, we want to use the key.
Posted on this great beauty.
All right.
Let's have a look.
Latest posts.
Let's go on top.
So when we executed that hook, we called it latest posts.
Let's go to the hook.
Okay.
So we call it post.
Let's call it latest post.
This is to prevent the naming conflict later.
So latest posts, swift latest posts.
And then we had written latest posts.
That means we have to change as well.
Said said.
Latest posts.
Okay.
It's trial.
You can see we have the latest force now.
We have these five posts.
So looks like.
Looks.
Looks a bit weird.
Okay, so that's one.
That's another.
Obviously, there's no land.
Let's make sure there's a line break.
First of all it's in the name and we haven't invented it just post and then in of and actually we can
leave and attack.
Let's give them put them in.
All right.
You can see now they are on the individual lines.
One, two, three, four, five, six, six.
Post we're showing.
Beautiful.
So they click, you click.
Then we land on their place.
Beautiful.